Implementation of continuous rotation for ConvertToMD (#41402)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/algorithms/ConvertToMD-v1.rst

> The algorithm is used transform existing :py:obj:`EventWorkspace <mantid.dataobjects.EventWorkspace>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithm is used to transform existing :py:obj:`EventWorkspace <mantid.dataobjects.EventWorkspace>`
```
could we fix this sentence since we are here?

or :py:obj:`MatrixWorkspace <mantid.api.MatrixWorkspace>` into :py:obj:`MDWorkspace <mantid.api.IMDWorkspace>`.

If the target workspace does not exist, the algorithm creates :py:obj:`MDEventWorkspace <mantid.api.IMDWorkspace>`

> with dimensions which depends on the `QDimensions`, `dEAnalysisMode` and `OtherDimensions` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the target workspace does not exist, the algorithm creates a :py:obj:`MDEventWorkspace <mantid.api.IMDWorkspace>`
whose dimensions are determined by the settings of `QDimensions`, `dEAnalysisMode` and `OtherDimensions` properties.
```

If `QDimensions='CopyToMD'` then the existing workspace units (e.g. ToF, or ToF and :math:`\mathbf{2 \theta}`
if `ConvertSpectrumAxis` was run on the input workspace) are kept, whereas if `QDimensions='Q3D'` or
`QDimensions='|Q|'` then the ToF, detector position, Goniometer angles, and lattice information will be used
to transform the bins or neutron events into momentum transfer coordinates **(Qx, Qy, Qz)** (for `'Q3D'`)
or momentum transfer modulus **|Q|**.
If `dEAnalysisMode='Direct'` or `dEAnalysisMode='Indirect'` then an additional energy-transfer dimension will be added.

> Finally, if `OtherDimensions` is not empty then any corresponding log values will be added as extra dimensions.

Reviewer: Could we present the different options as a bullet point list to make easier to read?

> By default the algorithm uses only the average values of a log to compute the sample orientation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the algorithm uses only the average values of a goniometer time series log to compute the sample orientation,
```
goniometer time series log instead of log only?

> (from the :py:obj:`Goniometer <mantid.geometry.Goniometer>`) or for the extra `OtherDimensions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the :py:obj:`Goniometer <mantid.geometry.Goniometer>` or the extra `OtherDimensions`.
```

However, if the input is an :py:obj:`EventWorkspace <mantid.dataobjects.EventWorkspace>`,
the `UseLogTimes=True` property can be set which will use the value of the sample log at the pulse-times

> of each neutron event for the sample orientation computation and for `OtherDimensions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
setting the `UseLogTimes` property to `True` uses the value of the sample log at the pulse-times of each neutron event in computing sample orientation and for `OtherDimensions`.
```

If the target workspace does exist and the property `OverwriteExisting=False` is set,
then **MD Events** are added to this workspace.

> Using the `FileBackEnd` and `Filename` properties the algorithm can produce a file-backed workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `FileBackEnd` and `Filename` produces a file-backed workspace.
```
